Privacy Policy

Damage Incorporated Games

Data

The following Privacy Policy applies to all games of Damage Incorporated Games.

We may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address. With your permission, we may also access other personal information on your device, such as your phone book, calendar or messages, in order to provide services to you. If authorized by you, we may also access profile and other information from social network services like Facebook or Twitter.

Our apps are not designed to associate personal information with your activities (such as the app pages you view or things you tap on).

We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13.

Sharing

We do not share your personal information (such as name, address, email or phone) by the Internet or any other way with the third parties. All of your confidential data are used exclusively in the local operations on your device.

Advertising Tracking

Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:

Apple: http://www.apple.com/privacy/

Google:https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

Unity3d: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

Chartboost:https://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy

Analytics

We use analytics services provided by Unity Analytics to receive following kinds of data:

user interaction with our app (ex.: clicks on buttons, session duration)

device info (ex.: OS version, model)

basic user info (ex.: age, gender, language)

We do NOT share this data with third-parties and use it only for improving our products. Unity Analytics can use it to personalize ads (see Advertising Trackingsection above).

Location

To customize our services for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only to provide and improve our service. We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service.

Contact

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us: kamillolvk123@gmail.com
